what's going on internet friends and
walk back to the pisode of esta Buffalo
this is like my favorite show where I
get a just think I'm talking to you guys
answer your questions for what you want
to know about me technology with phone
or tablet you get what's coming up next
my thoughts on design and for some
people and her staff Ron I'm looking at
you why it hurts when you pee first
question comes from e1 slavin who asks
at John floor Lakers would you ever
import and use a phone that doesn't have
a compatible us LTE bands for example
like the Samsung a 8 it is very tempting
other countries have gorgeous phones
that we don't always get here in the US
and certainly vice versa from somebody
who's done it I've imported phones cuz i
just wanted to use them never works out
that well usually I'll use a film that
maybe only have HSPA support and not LTE
but also you have found that I missing a
few key band's name date 50 bands not
there 900 bands off but never makes the
experience that seamless so I've sort of
gave myself a rule now I'm not going to
import anything that doesn't fully
support the carrier's bands that I'm
with that's my experience it's just
never been a great phone using
experience really the devices been
awesome but i would i would save your
money and maybe buy something that has
all the band's next one comes from
Coldfire underscore AG at john for
liquors you think the lack of SD
extension on the note 5 will be a
deal-breaker so at this point then at
five has been leaked like I've been
leaking like a faucet that someone just
like went to sleep and didn't turn off
we pretty much know everything about the
device essentially a bigger galaxy s6
with the nest pen at least as far as we
know I'm a samsung has surprises for us
later on this week but much like the
galaxy s6 no removable battery no
expandable storage is a deal-breaker
that's subjective for me it's not I very
rarely use SD cards with phones anyway
by understand for a lot of people at
something that they rely on I put
pictures music videos on those cards if
you're one of those people then you
should not look to get galaxy note 5
look at another device that offers that
for me they're not a deal breaker I
think maybe if your animal at swap cards
and you want to get that device out for
the largest orage next leo the lion 926
ass at john for lakers what impact do
you think force touch will have on the
iphone i am really excited about force
touch actually over the weekend
a video was released that gives a
concept what you can do is force touch I
think it's going to completely redo how
we use iOS the video they showed us how
you can sort of force touch on certain
setting icons next to jump into the
settings so if you force touch Wi-Fi and
centering and on or off actually jump
with your Wi-Fi settings sums are going
to give you almost start a customized
little button without having another
button there I'm excited about it I
really like it on the Apple watch think
it's going to read you how you use iOS
and offer a ton more functionality I'm
hoping for sub menus the end what force
touch is not going to do give me widgets
on the home screen it's never good let's
definitely not least Nicholas w7s at
junk food like us what is your favorite
in design is it Sony or was it samsung
for me I've been a big fan of Sony's
designs least recently i'm using at home
easy for tablet cuz i love the way that
thing freaking looks the leaks of the z5
look awesome I loved way to XIII look to
z3 plus and they're sort of z4 I'm i
love sony's designs like the big button
on the side has been nice if he just
look really slick they've all been
waterproof on top of having killer
design so i think i give the edge to
sony i think Samsung except up the
design game huge with the s6 and s6 edge
the galaxy s5 was a just call a space
but it was a fugly phone it was it was
not nice looking I'm sorry you have 1
i'm just telling you don't get mad at me
but they've certainly stepped it up i
think if i had a pic a phone-based
brilliant design i probably air on Sony
and I think you guys for watching and
hope you enjoy it i'll be back here next
week answering your ass the Buffalo
questions until then John Rangers from
TechnoBuffalo talk to you later friends